felt is a cat in a human suit
this is not a cult
felt uses arch, BTW
Felt is the coolest Norwegian
Felt oiled his hands once cuz he was bored
Felt's fav color is green
Felt is smarter than us all
Elon Musk is an idiot. Feel free to quote me on this --Felt
cant make an omelet without breaking a few sausages --Felt
Eh, I prefer GNU/Linux --Felt389
Bacon --Felt
Burger king ain't paying for windows --Felt
I'm probably not a narcissist --Felt
Felt is good --Felt
I'm famous! --Felt
I love saying :3. So silly. --Felt
Fuck Apple --felt
Have you tried a GNU/Linux distro? --Felt
There is only one way to pronounce my username, thankfully --Felt
I'm quite unpredicable. --Felt
You have been taken away. --Felt
I will consume sustenance --Felt
Shout-out to nobody --Felt
Ughhh this is making me loose my faith in humanity --Felt
On Windows after a few weeks you're just addicted to Fortnite. On Linux, you might've just set up your DVD drive. If its standard, BlueRay- no no no, we don't do this here
Oh, this is just the bloat signal- I mean Bluetooth signal --Felt
They're always saying "Yeah, but my code won't run on Linux" and then I prove them wrong! Just to show them that their code, won't run anywhere!
No homo tho. --Felt
My jawline could cut glass. --Felt
Only good programmers write bad code. I am totally not coping. --Felt
The developer of this code should probably just put these quotes in a text file instead of in a dictionary, but it's too late now --Laughingatyou
Felt manages to successfully run nvidia on arch. Impressive.
Despite us possibly going to far with this not cult, felt doesn't hate us yet
People say I make them gay. I'll take it as a complement. --Felt (omg its the writer of this code who said that!!)
Felt has over 600 worshippers and counting!
Felt has had mcdonalds.
OMG Guys he just said yes to a completely platonic and not gay cuddling session
good girl --Felt
Sigh, didn't have any lube available, so no
Alright, what do I mean about it being overrated? Like uhh... god how do I say this ðŸ˜­ Like... yeah, it just didn't feel as good as I expected, and... finishing was hard, way harder than I expected. Like I seriously had to concentrate. Oh, and the whole thing was obviously incredibly fucking awkward ðŸ˜­ Moral of the story, suit yourself, it's gonna be a wild ride.
I already have. It's a long and... intimate story
Anal
Who made bonklejonk so I can give them my life savings?
Bricks ðŸ¤¤
GAY-9696 Bonkle might be married, but i'm not :smirk:
the USSR is just the US senior --Salamander
*sigh* yes
Are you talking about spiders or republicans? --i forgor who wrote it sorry
officer, I drop kicked that child because im autistic --Tucker
Some people glaze me more than others ðŸ˜­ðŸ™
Hi gay, I'm felt
Say Gex.
Bro Thinks he's felt :sob:
F E L T 
R E D D I T 
I've been in such a good mood for like 2 days straight now (kate's comment: I think it might be the gex)
I'm just a me. Nothing crazy. 
Cooked. 
Wanna Find out? :3
Reminder i'm bigger. By one whole inch. 
Polygamy. :pray:
Habik is a cutie FR.
Please do not the felt. 
Head, ngl. Alot :sparkles:smoother and softer. 
Bonklejonk is the hottest man/woman/whatever alive, hell yes
I honestly haven't really thought about it much :sob: (i do love a pair of juicy thighs though)
Trans rights are human rights. --Bonklejonk
u/Laughingatyou1000 is awesome (actual post felt made)
I love breaking the fourth wall, but paying the repair dude to fix it every time is getting expensive :pensive:
Chicks without dicks are like angels without wings. 
I was sleeping with my girl then I felt something poking out of her leg. 
I am running on debian 12 BTW. 
Felt is based
Umm idk --Habik
Felt is the feltiest felt that's ever felted
Oh felty please felt my macaroons :pleading_face:
Fuck you >:3 --habik
HEHEHEHE IM KATE IM SNEAKING INTO THE CODE HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA (btw robo is awespme)
That's not aggressive it's devious
It's not gay for me to call men cute and bubbly. 
IT'S AWESOME
:sob:
I have never willingly watched anime
arch 
Felts ip is 127.0.0.1 ðŸ˜ˆ
I'm attracted to all gender identities, but I wsay i'm bi since most people don't know what pansexual is
A cool leprechaun turned guy and fucked a robot unicorn
Ender fucks me raw :smirk:
penis
I'm asexual, but i'd fuck FeltBot! raw. --Ender